Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
Somewhere in the vast wasteland of Alaska, a creature is waiting for you with
an evil grin. And in the continental United States, is there a cryptid that
defies all known physics? And then we travel to Cisco Grove, California, where a
bow hunter had a unique experience with two aliens, a robot and a whole lot of
smoke. Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too. It's Friday.
It is the Friday episode. This week the episodes have been kind of coming out a
little bit late. It's just a bit of anomaly. I've just been working doing a
lot of stuff. So next week we should be coming out earlier. Let's go ahead and
think some of our newest patrons. Our newest patrons we have, took me a while to
get the joke on this one actually, Chris P. Bacon. Chris, the middle initial P.
Bacon. Not his real name, but took me a second. Thank you Chris P. Bacon for
supporting the show. We have CJ from the UK. Always like hearing from people with
initials. So thank you CJ. CJ from San Andreas. Maybe this is actually that guy.
Dimensional merge. And then we have Al Marival. Al Marival. I don't know if Al
is like a title like Alamein. Isn't that like a place in the Middle East? So you
might be the Marvel or your name could just be Al. I don't know, but either way
Al, CJ and Chris, thank you so much for supporting the show. So let's go ahead and
get started with the episode now. So the episode, we got these two little quick
little bites, little nibbles of cryptids for you, because there's not a lot of
info on them. But I kind of wanted to get them in there for the Friday show. In
October, we're gonna have some spooky stuff, man. If you've noticed I haven't
been doing a lot of ghost stories lately. Mm-hmm. Saving them up for Halloween
month. And I also plan on doing some more Dead Rabbit Recommends, too, for
spooky movies you can watch. You're like, "I'm waiting with bated breath and
telling me what type of garbage you want me to watch." He told me to watch. What was
that one movie I recommended a long time ago about the haunted RV starring
Denise Richards and Misha Barton? It wasn't called Creep Van. That was a
different movie. Creep Van was good. Creep Van was about a creep van, you know,
those vans with no windows that murdered you. Not someone in the van
murdered you, but if you got in the van, it ate you. And then it ended with a guy
killing the guy who was driving the van or something like that, and then he gets
possessed by the van. Trust me, it's actually a pretty good movie. You don't
have to see it now because it told you the end of it. Yeah, it's called Creep Van.
It's a van that ate people or something like that. I don't remember. Anyways,
Dead Rabbit mildly recommends Creep Van. Okay, let's get started the story here.
Muah-ha-ha. I saw me laughing. That is the name of this cryptid, the Muah-ha-ha.
It's an Inuit legend. He's really kind of a creepy guy. He's a little, I don't know
if he's a little, he's a normal sized blue-skinned dude. He's described as a
starving native. So you imagine Eskimos as being, is that the actual term? Is that
like a term someone made up? Inuit? They're basically like, you know, they're
kind of like puffy people. They're a little chubby because they're up in the
cold all the time. This is a starving version of that. So I guess just a man,
they're still humans. They're not Ewoks. I don't, okay, imagine a starving
human. I should have said not, oh, you know one of those Inuits, one of those
puffy people. Starving human, but blue-skinned, which would make sense because,
you know, you're out in the cold and you're starving. The Muah-ha-ha will walk
around. Obviously, he doesn't just, he wouldn't be a cool cryptid if he just
laid in the corner. He walks around and his clothing is all like rotted and stuff
like that. So he's like, I have to get to the gap. They have two for one for men's
sweaters, but there's no gaps in Alaska. Except for the giant ice gaps that you
fall through. And they refer to generally as chasms. And he has a huge evil grin on
his face. So imagine you're in the middle of a snowstorm up in Alaska and you're
just chilling, drinking some cocoa, drinking some hot chocolate. You're like,
this sucks. I hate the snow. I can't believe I came up here. My life is horrible.
But you're up there for whatever reason. You're on a business trip. You're trying
to buy and sell snow. You're trying to find the purest snow in the, go to Columbia
for that. But okay, whatever, whatever. So you're drinking your hot cocoa, you're in
a ski lodge, and then you hear your dog barking outside. And then you go, that's
weird. I didn't know I had a dog. But for the sake of the narrative, you do all
of a sudden, Mandela effect. You go outside and you go to get your dog. And you
see a blue-skinned, starving human in the darkness with an evil, evil grin. And
then you turn and you look and you realize you can't run back to your lodge
in time. The door's locked and you spilled hot cocoa on the door knob and if
you touch it, it'll burn your hand. So you can't get back in your house. So you're
like, okay, I got this little blue-crypted dude after me, right? What's gonna
happen if you catch me, Jason? You put me in a no-win situation. It's actually
kind of dope. Well, not dope because you die in the end, but he's a professional
hunter, not a professional. He's obviously not a professional. He's starving to death.
But I mean, he's not catching enough food to not be a starving man. But anyways,
he's able to track you down through the woods. He's a hunter, not a
professional hunter, not a very good hunter, but he will find you. But he
doesn't eat you. What he does is, and we've seen this in other cryptid legends,
which is interesting, he tickles you to death. So you're running through the
darkness and you're coming up behind you. Come on, Rover. Rover, help me in the dog.
You're like, oh wait, I don't have a dog. Why did I even leave my house in the first
place? Mwahaha, jumps on top of you and starts tickling you and you're like,
oh that's not too bad. But he has razor sharp claws, so each time he tickles you
little pieces of flesh go flying off your body. And you scream out into the
dark Alaskan night, I hate snow and the way that I'm dying and the snow keeps
falling. But then somewhere a dog's like, tricked another victim. That dog's
a cryptid too. And the next day, this is another sign that someone's been
killed by a Mwahaha. It's, I don't know if that's actually how you enunciate it, but
it is spelled M-A-H-A-H-A. So anyways, when these bodies are found dead with all
their skin torn off, they have frozen painful smiles. So basically like, I
don't know why I just made the face. I'm doing a podcast and I just made the
face of a painful smile. You know what a painful smile is. So like all good
cryptids, my favorite part is how you defeat them. Usually they have stupid
ways to defeat them. This one actually might be the most logical way to defeat
a cryptid. It should be the way to defeat almost any cryptid. The C-M-W-H-A-H-A, and
you're being chased by it, its one weakness is being kicked into a river. So
while that would work for like Bigfoot or like a unicorn or Mothman if you
like, were able to like, lasso down his wings, kick him into the river, that would
work for almost any cryptid. How many rivers are there in Alaska? Like, isn't
the water frozen? Like, do you just kick him onto ice and he just slides across
the ice and then he just gets back up, starts coming back after you? How many
raging rivers are actually in Alaska? I'm sure there's a few, because I'm sure like
the Inuit people were fishing and stuff like that, but are there really enough
that it's a viable option to kick a cryptid into? Like, is it like, there are
they a bunch of them? Maybe there's some tributaries, maybe a few inlets, but are
there really a lot of rivers? I don't know. I don't care. I'll never go there, not
because of the moa-ha-ha, but because I hate snow. Let's go ahead and move on to
our next bite-sized cryptid. This is a little cool one, and this one is actually
recommendation from El Pato Reviews. El Pato Reviews, if you still listen to the
show, he recommended this, I don't know, eight months ago. He's like, "Hey Jason, look
into these guys." And I said, "I will. Thanks for watching the show." And then I
did look into these, now I'm covering them, so thank you El Pato. This is also on
the Conspiracy Theory Iceberg, oddly enough. It's about 10 sentences long, so
here we go. So let's go to anywhere other than Alaska. These things probably
exist in Alaska, but we don't want to be here anymore. We tape our flesh back on
over our body, straight up like some Hellraiser nonsense, where I like duct
taping our skin back on. And then as we're getting back to the Dead Rabbit
Durgible, you realize that I purposely landed on a salt flat? You're like,
"There's no salt flats in Alaska and I'm just pushing you into the salt." You're
like, "Ah, I hate this flat guys." And then I pick you up and I'm like, "Sorry dude,
sorry, that wasn't really funny." So it's kind of funny. So we put you onto the
Dead Rabbit Durgible and I'm just like eating salt licks the whole time and
throwing them in the backseat. You're like, "Ah, we're gonna fly out from the
Dead Rabbit Durgible, not like Superman. We're gonna get in the Dead Rabbit
Durgible and fly out of Alaska. We're going to any town, USA." So because these
are all over the place apparently or nowhere because nobody really knows
about these guys or if they exist, which they most likely don't, but let's take a
look at them. We're gonna land in a town square. It's a beautiful little town,
bunch of people walking around, kids got balloons, there's a corn dog festival,
mayors giving a speech, whatever. It's a town that you would see in a movie or in
real life if you happen to live in a town that has corn dog festival and we're
enjoying the corn dog festival. We're part of the corn dog eating contest. I'm
in the corn dog contest. You are in the pretzel eating contest so you're getting
salt all over yourself. You're like, "Ah, take me to the hospital." Anyways, the
sun sets. I don't know why I didn't start this narrative often. I could have
avoided all that. The sun sets. It's getting dark. We're walking through the
forest, not the forest. We're walking through the park together. Maybe it's a
forest. It doesn't matter. There's a forest in the next story. We're walking
through the park together. I feel bad that you're all salty. I feel bad. So
anyways, you can tell how bad I feel. We're walking through the park
and we see a grove of trees out in the distance. I'm like, "Hey, look at those
trees." They're not salt trees, are they? I'm like, "No, no, no. They're totally fine."
Look at those trees. Do you see that? You're like, "What?" I'm like, "I think
something moved over there." You're looking through the darkness. The sun's still a
little up. So it's really hard to tell what's going on and then you see it. It
looks like a tree with no leaves kind of move. Kind of take this weird action. And
you're like, "Is this a tree-based cryptid? Did you bring me all the way out
here to talk about a tree cryptid or did you just want to eat corn dogs?" And I'm
like, "Well, I did want to eat corn dogs." But that's not a tree cryptid. What we're
looking at is known as the Black Stick Man. Black Stick Man. And what they are
is they are basically a very tall cryptid. And I know people are going to talk
about the Russian video. I think that's pretty much fake, but it's most likely
fake. But they're basically, imagine if a little kid drew a black stick man, but
that stick figure became like 12 feet tall and was walking around your
neighborhood. And it's funny because now that they think about it, this almost has
an idea of the dimensional merge where maybe so many kids have drawn stick
figures over the years. They've become real, like in some sort of sense of a
tulpa, some sort of sense of a thought form. But that's basically what
these things are. And they're two-dimensional. So if you're looking
at them from the front, you can see them perfectly. But if you see them from, if
you go to the side, they're invisible. They're two-dimensional. Once you try to
observe them out of their flat dimension, they're totally invisible. They could be,
you could be surrounded by black stick figures right now. You wouldn't know it.
They're just standing on the side of you perfectly still. Assume that there is a
black stick man next to you, no matter where you're at. Go to the bathroom,
Black Stick Man. Getting married, Black Stick Man. Drawing a black stick man,
oddly enough, no black stick man. But usually they're all around you. Now,
there was some researcher named, some cryptozoologist named Mark Wolfgang
Miller. And he said that he found one in Buford, Wyoming. And he stood within six
feet of it. And he said it actually looked like a tree until he watched it
move in a non-tree-like manner, was his quote. And he couldn't take a photo of it,
because that's of course what we want, a photo of a stick figure. Gonna take a
photo of it, because it looked too much like a tree. Now, that's a quote that's
associated with Mr. Wolfgang Miller. But here's the thing. He is a real person,
but there's no proof that he was ever in Buford, Wyoming. I couldn't find any
connection between him actually being in Buford, Wyoming. So I think they either
took a real person and attached this story to him, or it's a real story that's
so obscure I couldn't find a connection. I couldn't find like an article written
about him visiting Buford, Wyoming or anything like that. And just when he thought
it was odd enough, they apparently wear hats. They have top hats as well. But
there's a debate within the Black Stick Man community. Some people believe that
they actually have hats, that they have purchased hats somewhere from like a
two-dimensional hat store, or the hats are just big lumps on their heads that
are perfectly shaped like a top hat. The debate, people don't know. And a lot of
people think this is just a hoax, that it's so foolish that it has to be made up.
Now, I think the probably the biggest giveaway that it might be made up is the
idea of a two-dimensional object existing in a three-dimensional space. Kind of
blows your mind to think you can turn and look and something's not there, but
it's there. You just can't see it because it's only in two dimensions. That's not a
deal-breaker for me. Honestly, a deal-breaker for me is the hats. That's a
little too weird. I don't know why, but I again, do they perfectly have hat
shaped heads, or are they buying hats? They couldn't buy hats because you couldn't
like, where's their pockets for their money? Do they find the hats and turn them?
What if these are real people? Ooh, Jason just came up with the conspiracy theory.
What if these are real people who have been turned into two-dimensional people
and they brought their hats with them? They all had their hats with them. Like, if
you wear a top hat, you're a chance of being accidentally teleported into a
two-dimensional world is higher than if you were wearing a red baseball cap. That
is why Fred Durst is still with us, but Charlie Chaplin isn't conspiracy theory.
Is Charlie Chaplin the everywhere to top hat? I think he wore a bowler. It doesn't
matter. Let's move on to our next story. Our next story is an actual story. Our
next story is an actual full fleshed-out narrative. It's not Jason talking
about baby-crypted stories. Thank you again, no El Pato reviews. I did like
research on that. There just wasn't a lot there. We're going to Cisco Grove. Now,
Cisco Grove is in California and it's up like in the North. I think it's in
Placer County, California, but it's this tiny little place. It's not a tiny little
place. It's a forest. It's a Grove, at least. So anyways, let's go back to the year
1964. Vietnam War was raging, I think. The Vietnam War was either about to happen
or currently going on and Charles Manson was alive. I think he was five years
away from his stupid murder plot. I hate that story. I know that Quentin Tarantino
did his movie, but you guys, I don't like serial killers in general.
He's not even a serial killer. They were like a mass. I think they killed
like two groups of people. They were more like a spree killer or a mass killer.
That whole thing about Charles Manson is, whenever I'm talking to someone, this
comes up a lot because of the type of stuff I talk about in podcasts. You know,
paranormal, true crime, stuff like that. I've been having these conversations for a
long time. At least, I don't, I hate serial killers. I think they're super
tacky and ghost and all that stuff, but a lot of times I meet people and you can
tell how into this stuff they are or how sane they are by who they talk about. So
if I'm talking about, if I bring up true crime or something like that and someone's
like, "Oh yeah, you know, like Charles Manson, you're a pleb. Like you are so
surface level into true crime, but that also means you're just an idiot. Like if
that's your go-to first serial killer, you're like, "Yeah, you've seen a couple
of movies. You may have read Heltier Skeletons. You think he's cool and
counterculture and you're kind of into it." That's whatever. You're an idiot. When I'm
talking about true crime or I'm just bringing up like macabre stuff and
someone goes, "Oh yeah, you know, like Ted Bundy or Jeffrey Dahmer." It's the same
thing, but it's a little more like, "Okay, this person has a kind of a working
knowledge of serial killers." So Charles Manson is the one that everybody knows.
Nowadays, everybody knows about Ted Bundy and he was pretty popular, but now
people know a lot of details about them. But I'll be talking to someone and
they'll be like, "Oh yeah, you know, Jeffrey Dahmer." Because I always bring up
that common serial killers or cowards because they only kill women and old
people and children. And people go with Jeffrey Dahmer, killed men, and I go, "Yeah,
he drugged them. He drugged them and then he drilled holes into their brain. Like
he wasn't stalking these people through the streets of Chicago. Like a
hunter would." Which is coming up in our next story, assuming that I can get to it.
But every show often I'll meet someone who I'll talk about true crime. And I
guess it's my fault for bringing up true crime. It's not like a walk down the
stream, be like, "Hi, my name is Jason Carpenter. What do you think about all
those murders that took place?" No, you know, it just comes up in conversation.
People go, "What do you do?" I go, "I podcast and da-da-da-da." And this happened a
lot. What type of books do you read? Oh, I read true crime books, da-da-da. When people
start bringing up people like Starkweather or Coral, Dean Coral, those are
really, like, I don't want to say unknown because they're fairly well known in the
true crime community, but in the general populace, most people don't know Stark
weather or Coral, especially if they know Coral because that guy was a sick
monster. When people, if they're go-to first-year-old killer they want to talk
about or that they've read a book recently on is Dean Coral, they got
some problems. They got some serious problems. Again, I've read more about
true crime than I have about UFOs, conspiracies, everything like that. I
just don't like talking about it on the show. It's a downer. So why am I talking
about it right now? I have no idea. Probably get edited out. I don't even know
how I got on this subject. Oh yeah, the year is 1964, where it's September 4th,
1964, we're in Cisco Grove, California. These three dudes, three buddies, are out
bow hunting. It's a sound of an elk and or raincour monster getting shot with an
arrow and falling down. We have Donald Shrum and then it's two buddies, Vincent
Alvarez. And tell me this is an adult name. His other buddies name was Tim
Trueblood. Pretty awesome. So Tim Trueblood, Vincent Alvarez, Vincent, well
it's funny. Vincent Alvarez is a pretty dynamic name as well, but it's not as
good as Tim Trueblood. But both of them are better than Donald Shrum. Donald
Shrum. So anyways, Shrum and Trueblood and Alvarez are bow hunting in the
middle of Cisco Grove. And they decide to go, it's getting dark and they decide to
go their separate ways to track down these deer or elk or raincours that
they're looking for. And they're gonna meet back up at the base camp probably
tomorrow morning because it's getting really dark. If they can find their way
back before, that's cool. But if they can't, they can just make camp. So Shrum
is like, "I'm the star of this story. You guys go. I will find something to shoot
with my arrow." So anyways, some time passes. Now Vincent is out hunting out in
the woods too. And he sees a light kind of hovering over the forest off in the
distance. He doesn't really think much of it. It's just an odd anomaly. He's like,
"Is that maybe a helicopter flying?" Because it was kind of far off. He's like,
"Maybe a helicopter flying? I don't know." Atmospheric something? Who knows?
All I know is I'm about to kill this deer. Another deer goes down. But Donald Shrum
is deep in the forest as well. It's totally dark. It's 1964, so it's not like
they have night vision goggles or drones or stuff like that. You just got the eyes
God gave you and then the bow you bought from Sports Masters. So he's walking
through the woods it's totally dark. He's like, "Listen, there's no way I'm gonna get
it home." And then he turns around and realizes there's nobody there. He's talking
to nobody. And he goes, "My life is so lonely. Maybe someday I'll find a Mrs.
Shrum to make my own." So before he can go off and find true love, he says, "I got
to sleep. I got to go to sleep. So I can't sleep on the ground because there's
like mountain lions and bears and stuff like that. And the ghost of deer and elk
I've killed." So he has a special belt. It's not like a magical Harry Potter belt,
but it is a belt that he can climb up a tree and attach it to the tree and then
fall asleep like Katniss from the Hunger Games. And he's like, "Why did I make that
reference? That movie doesn't exist, but it would probably be good. That movie was
actually pretty good." But anyways, he climbs up the tree after having that
weird conversation with himself. He's like, "Maybe I should write a series of young
adult novels." He adjusts the belt and he falls asleep. Wait, no he doesn't. He
adjusts the belt and he's in the tree. He doesn't fall asleep yet. And he's hanging
out up there and he wants to fall asleep. But then he sees a light coming through
the forest. And now he thinks, "Okay, my buddies probably got back to base camp.
They're probably worried about me because it's really late. They probably sent out
a search party. So yay!" So he undoes the belt and starts shimmying down the tree and
he lights these flares, which I guess old, timey flares. He had a light with a
match. But anyways, he uses a match. He has a bunch of match. He has a lot of
matches in the story. He lights a match, lights a couple flares, and he's like,
"Over here, guys! Over here! It's me, Donald Trump!" And then the light's like
(mimics light) coming towards him and he goes, "Oh." And it's like a sphere. It's a
glowing sphere. So he's like, "That is not a rescue helicopter." Or if it is, it's the
coolest rescue helicopter ever, but he realizes it isn't. He starts to shimmy
back up the tree, ties his belt back on, because he doesn't really know where to
go. It's pitch dark. That is not a word. It's pitch black. He can't just go
running through the forest. And right when he gets back up the tree, he's probably
a good 12 feet up, 10-12 feet... Oh, dude, what if it's a black stick man? He climbs up
a black stick man. He doesn't realize that it's there. Anyways, it's about 10-12
feet up. There's no stick man, no hat. And that is when he sees these two little
alien people. They're not moving furniture. They're not groaning. They're just doing
like alien stuff. They're walking from between the trees and like walking up to
his tree. And he's described them as short humanoids. But then he sees another
humanoid as well, and he goes, "It's a robot. This is a robot dude coming out of
the forest, and the light is still going *makes noise*" So the UFO. So he's looking down at
three little humanoid type aliens. It doesn't really get into a lot of
specifics, at least in the articles I read if they were like reptilian, or they
were wearing suits. I've seen different drawings of these things, and they seem to
be some sort of reptilian in a suit, but I couldn't find any definitive description
of these guys. So just little aliens. Use your imagination. Use your imagination. So
little aliens come out. There's a robot. A little mechanical dude walks out of the
forest as well. And he's looking down at them, and they're looking up at him. And
the two aliens walk up to the tree. They're looking up, and they start shaking
the tree. *makes noise* Now they are making sounds like they are moving furniture.
*makes noise* And he's like, "Oh, this is not gonna be good. This sucks." And the tree's
kind of wobble in a bit. He has this trusty belt on. And they keep shaking the
tree, and then the robot *makes noise* gets underneath the tree, and then white smoke
billows out of its mouth, basically. And when it reaches "Shrum," he passes out.
*makes noise* He wakes up a time later, and the aliens are still at the bottom of
the tree, trying to figure out how to get him down. So he begins lighting matches
and throwing them out of the aliens, right? *makes noise* That's the sound of a match
falling. Does that sound good? Here's another one. *makes noise* I mean, I will admit
those are probably the loudest matches you've ever heard, but it doesn't deter
the aliens. Each time he throws a match down, they do kind of step out of the way.
But then they move closer to the tree, and it's like they're looking to see how to
get him out. Lights another match. Then he realizes, wait a second, I have one of
the best weapons ever invented by mankind that's been used for a hundred
thousand years, or ten thousand years, doesn't matter. He pulls out his bow, gets
an arrow, loads it, that's terminology right? He loads the arrow, and it hits the
robot. *makes noise* Robot starts walking around, sparks shooting out of the robot.
Like a 1950s sci-fi movie, *makes noise* and sparks are shooting out of it. Just a little
sparks. Wasn't super dramatic. And then the aliens go *makes noise* Another robot walks
into the scene, *makes noise* releases some smoke.
Shrom passes out again. He wakes up again, and the aliens are climbing the tree.
*makes noise* Mouth, whatever mouth you imagined opened with the type of teeth you
want them to be. And he's like, this is not gonna end well. This is not gonna end
well. So he begins, and this actually is fairly ingenious, he begins ripping off
pieces of his clothes and lighting them on fire and throwing them at the aliens.
And it is slowing down the aliens' advance. He sets his hat on fire, throws it
out, and he's taking off pieces of his clothes he's throwing at him. It does slow
their progress. He begins taking coins out of his pocket and throwing them at
the aliens, which kind of stepped down from setting your clothes on fire. He's
throwing coins at him. Then he starts grabbing branches and setting those on
fire and throwing them at the aliens as well. And at that point the aliens, they
are still trying to get him. But enough is enough. They call in yet another robot.
*makes noise* You get the sound effects. It merges with one of the previous robots.
Straight up some Transformers combiner stuff. And then black smoke pours out. I
didn't tell you. The other smoke was white. This stuff is black. *makes noise* And he falls asleep again.
When he wakes up, the sun is coming up. It's dawn. All the aliens are gone. And the UFO
left earlier. I forgot that detail too. The UFO left during this whole thing. The
aliens stuck around. We're still trying to get him. But when he wakes up after the
black smoke, all the aliens are gone. UFO is gone. It was already gone. And he is
totally terrified, but he shimmies down the tree. Runs all the way back to base
camp. He tells his buddies, "Now Vincent said, 'Oh yeah, I did see a light out in
the forest.'" And Shrum's like, "Dude, you should have come. We totally could have
fought these guys in." Alvarez is like, "Maybe if you were true blood I would
have come." But for Shrum, sorry bro. Apparently they went back and they grabbed
the arrows because he shot a couple arrows. He just hit the robot with one
arrow. They took the arrows. The coins were gone. So they always figured the
aliens took the coins with them. And eventually they did go and tell the
Air Force what happened. They're like, "Air Force, Air Force, you won't believe
what happened to us in Air Force." It's like, "Calm down, kids. Why don't you take a
seat and tell me what you saw?" And they're like, "Air Force, so anyway." They tell the
story. Supposedly the Air Force took possession of the arrows. And Shrum said,
"It looked like you could see metal shavings on the arrow from where I hit
the robot." Unless his eyes are made of microscopes, I doubt he was able to tell
that. But apparently the Air Force takes the arrows. And then they tell Shrum
that didn't happen. Like, here's what you might have seen. And Shrum said, "It was
like they were giving me alternative alternatives." Like saying, "No, no, you
didn't see that. You saw this." Right? And he says they gave him a couple
different stories, but he actually never, supposedly, never changed his story. And
he was offered money to, like, for the rights of his story. And he never sold the
rights. He just tells it over and over again. So supposedly that adds a little
credence to the story, which is possible. It's one of the stories that could be
true, could not be true. I'm a little curious how many matches the dude had. How
much clothes he had when he ran to Basecamp. I imagine him running back to
Basecamp in like his underwear and a big tree belt. And being like, "Guys, you won't
believe what happened to me last night." And they're like, "Where are your clothes?"
And he's like, "No, no, aliens showed up." And then I was up in a tree and a bunch
of smoke came out. And they're like, "No, no, no. Back up, back up. Where's your shirt,
bro? Like, how much of his clothes did he burn? How many matches was he carrying?
Those are quibbling things. But it's still important stuff when you're trying
to look at the details of whether or not the story is true. So that's the story of
the Cisco Grove encounter. And I want to end the week on that story. Because you
might think that story is scary. He's up in the tree. It's all alone in the dark,
dark forest. He's helpless. He's trapped in the trees. Aliens are trying to get him.
But I don't want you to take a message of fear. I want you to take a message of
hope. Because although this story has all the hallmarks of a spooky story, it
really tells the tale of a man who held off alien intruders armed with
technology far beyond our own. With a stone-age weapon, fire, and a couple coins.
And if a man named Donald Shrum can hold off two aliens and three robots using
nothing but those tools, then we should have nothing to fear from those so-called
alien invaders. This story proves that humans are the best. Their little UFO is
no match to a box of strike-anywhere matches. There was no way they were
gonna catch this dude. So you have to go through life with that mentality. Whenever
life puts an obstacle in your way, I want you to see that obstacle as two
aliens and three robots. And you're a box of matches ready to take on the world.
Disclaimer, don't actually take on the world with a box of matches.
DeadRavverRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address. You can also hit a
post up at facebook.com/DeadRavverRadio. Twitter is @DeadRavverRadio.
DeadRavverRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You
don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today.
Have a great weekend, guys!
(funky music)
(upbeat music)